doc/howto/instances_backup: Add UI for export and import an instance (#16663)
canonical/lxd: doc/howto/instances_backup.md

See [`POST /1.0/instances/{name}/backups`](swagger:/instances/instance_backups_post), [`GET /1.0/instances/{name}/backups/{backup}/export`](swagger:/instances/instance_backup_export), and [`DELETE /1.0/instances/{name}/backups/{backup}`](swagger:/instances/instance_backup_delete) for more information.
````
````{group-tab} UI

> To export an instance, go to the instance detail page and click {guilabel}`Export`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the instance detail page, click {guilabel}`Export`.
```

> Modify the default settings if necessary and click {guilabel}`Export instance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the default settings if necessary, then export the instance.
```

Reviewer: We can avoid the repetitiveness of "click" and write the sentence in a more natural way if the action is obvious.

> Download will start once the export is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download will start automatically once the export is ready.
```

See [`POST /1.0/instances`](swagger:/instances/instances_post) for more information.
```
```{group-tab} UI
To import an export file, go to the instance list and click {guilabel}`Create instance`.

> In the modal, click {guilabel}`Upload instance file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the resulting modal, upload the instance file.
```

> Instance name and description are optional. If you don’t specify one, the name of the instance will be the name of the export file with {guilabel}`-tar-import` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instance name and description fields are optional. If you don’t specify the instance name, the name of the export file is used, appended with `-tar-import`.
```

Reviewer: Slight revision. `{guilabel}` should be used for UI labels; a filename is not a UI label.

Click {guilabel}`Choose file`.

> Select the export file and click {guilabel}`on Upload and create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the export file, then click {guilabel}`Upload and create`.
```

> The newly created instance will appear the instance list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly created instance will appear in the instance list.
```
